this is da boom 7 an update to the signs
in the heavens and the Blood Moon tetra
i have several videos out there you guys
may have seen a couple of them the links
on some of them have been removed for
whatever reason some of the guys that
were putting up charts and information
they left wherever they were at at the
time and they brought down all that
information so I'm trying to put out
some updated info and charts here that
way you guys have them to reference and
go back and find pertaining to this
blood moon in this tetran this final
Blood Moon that we're approaching L we
not only have the Blood Moon and this is
a different video i did signs in the
heavens talking about the time frame
here with these signs and some of the
signs we're going to see here in the
years to come but you can see here we're
approaching this partial eclipse coming
up in September followed by the final
Blood Moon now I've shot some footage of
these blood moons in the past and
weather permitting this final one I look
to do the same with it with some better
technology and get getting some better
footage and this marks a moment in time
that you know you're not going to see
anything like this for some time from
here on out I've done the history on
this the eight Blood Moon tetrax since
the time of Christ in everything
surrounding a shua in that time there
was not a tetra specifically right then
but since then and it's very interesting
when you look through history it speaks
for itself it's every time these tetrax
come around big events big events are
surrounding it either before in the
middle or after you can see a lot of big
events happening at the end here and
then kind of shifted gears and now we're
here in this one
will there be a historic event here at
the end of this tetra tis the question
with a lot of eyes towards September of
this year this is exactly when this
blood moons going to go down the Pope
scheduled to be making a visit to the
United States as well in all of this
falling right into the timeline of
operational concept 2022 I found that
very interesting when looking through
this the frame the whole framework here
of what they're planning to do is based
on the same concept of jade helm with
mastering the human domain but they take
it further they take it all the way out
through the year twenty twenty-one to
the year twenty twenty-two and I am
supposing that in the year 2022 their
new plan is going to be implemented
everything up till then they lay out in
commander Cleveland signed off on all
this himself and he just retired and
slipped into the shadows too but he
talks about how they plan to focus in on
the urban settings and to take out the
ultraviolet extremists or problems
within those urban settings all while
mastering the human domain and that's
their plan all the way out through 20 21
till 2022 now with that said looking at
the signs in the heavens I mean it was
written you want to see your signs look
to the stars in the heavens and when you
do these tetrax stand out boldly as
being markers of specific moments in
time and you can see here with the
Jewish calendar and their events their
holidays they just so happen to fall
right on these events every time like I
said I'm going to leave a link so you
guys can look through the history of all
this but we are coming up
on this final partial eclipse followed
by this final Blood Moon and we won't
see a tetrad like this for a long time
okay so this will be the final Blood
Moon and a tetra for a long while but
along the way after this tetran another
key event that will pop off that I
covered in a separate video here titled
the red dragon of Revelation is
pertaining to the signs in the heavens
in September of 2017 now everybody's got
the theory of a timeline out there and
to me specifically I'm not so sure if
these events are marked by one day and
time I think it may be a broader window
and these tetrads very well may
represent that but along the way here
after this tetra we see this sign in the
heavens with a virgin is crowned with
these stars she's got the Sun around her
clothed in the Sun she has the moon at
her feet and she's pregnant okay all of
this comes together on one date in
September of 2017 and it just so happens
that with all those coincidences coming
together to paint that picture perfectly
this dragon this red dragon that was
hidden by google maps and google sky
forever that we ended up uncovering that
dragon sitting right between the legs
right next to jupiter during this so
talk about an ominous sign and that's to
come in 2017 within a time where some
people say that's mid tribulation you
also have in question Nibiru or this
other dwarf object coming in through Leo
that they're speculating as well and of
course all the secrets out there you got
to keep digging and watch the signs and
like i said this with some call mid
tribulation and going off of this
looking at the Blood Moon tetra as being
a marker and time I mean do you start
from the beginning do you start from the
middle the middle was a very interesting
time because that's when all these
events went down
in France and everything else I covered
all that in a different video too but
things really got set in the motion
right dead center of this whole tetra
and have continued since then so you
know the whole tetra you know as a whole
could mark the beginning of something
this whole year and really we've got two
more months here before we hit that
blood moon anything can happen between
now and then and as you can see things
to come here in the future but I'm going
to leave a link so you guys can
reference all this stuff and you guys
can go back and look at the history
yourself of all these key events that
have happened during the tetris it's
been Dabu seven eyes to the skies